Usage: %PROG% [options]
  A utility to send commands to the Fender Mustang LT40S modelling guitar
  amplifier (and other compatible models from the Mustang LT range) using
  a command line interface.
  If no options are specified, the default behaviour of the software is to
  send commands to the amp requesting the JSON descriptions of all of the
  presets stored in the amplifier's memory, and use the data retrieved to
  display a table describing each unique preset stored, and to exit once
  the table has been displayed.
    --output={directory_name} where directory_name does not end in .zip
         The table of presets will be displayed as for the no-option case,
         then the specified directory will be created if it does not already
         exist and copies of the JSON descriptions of the presets and other
         information derived from these will be saved to the directory.
    --output={archive_name} where archive_name does end in zip
         As for output to directory, but save to a single zip file instead
         of a directory.
    --interactive
         After displaying the table of presets (and saving data as described
         for option --output=... if that option was specified), the program
         will enter an interactive loop accepting single line commands on the
         console.
         The command 'help' gets a list of available commands, 'quit', 'exit'
         or the keypress ctrl-C can be used to exit.
    --disclaimer
         Force display of a disclaimer that the software is experimental and
         that there is a risk that it may leave the attached amplifier in a
         bad state.
         When the disclaimer is displayed, the software will require the
         user to acknowledge and accept the risks described before any
         commands can be sent to the amplifier.
         This option is enabled by default when the app runs for the first
         time in a given directory, and is re-enabled every 30 days.
    --no-disclaimer
         Do not display the disclaimer described in the preceding option.
    --help, --usage
         Display this message
